All right we come to an end of another great course on AWOS concepts and this time it was AWOS Lamda
the surplus backbone of AWOS services and applications.
So with AWOS Lamda as you could see with the examples and implementations that we did throughout the
course you can basically implement your applications and basically functions with any language that
you want using python.
No Jesus or Java go dot net and some other applications under application programming languages.
You can basically implement your logic and you can just package your application code and you can deploy
it to AWOS lambda and you don't even have to manage any kind of infrastructure for your code.
You don't have to manage the memory size.
You don't have to manage the C.P. use or this size for application execution.
All you have to do is provide your source code and AWOS lambda takes care of the rest.
So AWOS Lumba again is a great service from AWOS and it is again the server is cornerstone for surreals
application development on AWOS and I highly encourage you to use lambda functions for any kind of purposes
that you can think of.
So before I close up I'd like to give you a huge thank you for joining me on this course and I hope
this was a great journey for you because it was for me and I hope to see you on my upcoming courses
on a W-S and various other topics like Java spring and so on.
So thank you so much again.
And I'd like to see you on my upcoming courses.
So have a great day and have a great journey on AWOS.